Update description of source_module_id [TF-38184] (#2616)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-enterprise/2.0.x/docs/enterprise/api-docs/explorer.mdx

| `providers`                       | `string`   | A comma separated list of providers used in this workspace.                                                                              |
| `resources_drifted`               | `number`   | The count of resources that drift was detected for.                                                                                      |
| `resources_undrifted`             | `number`   | The count of resources that drift was not detected for.                                                                                  |

> | `source_module_id`                | `string`   | For workspaces using no-code modules, the identifier of the module.                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `source_module_id`                | `string`   | FThe source module identifier. Only available for workspaces created from a no-code module.                                                                      |
```
